**Mobile testing/Improvements for Android**

**Improvement 1: Specify the Maximum Number of Benefits Candidates Can
Select**

**Current:** The "Benefits" section lacks clarity regarding the number
of benefits candidates can checkmark.

**Requested:** Determine the maximum number of benefits candidates can
select.

Introduce a counter above the benefit names that displays the current
number of selected benefits about the maximum allowed. For example,
"1/20" indicates that one benefit has been selected out of a maximum of
twenty.  
**Reason:** Prevent confusion as candidates may attempt to select all
benefits, which is not allowed. Clear communication will enhance user
experience.

**Improvement 2: Lack of Information on maximum Certificates**

**Current:** The candidate can add the certificates, only four of them.

**Requested:** Provide a notification indicating the maximum number of
certificates candidates can add.

**Reason:** The candidate can have more than four certificates.

NB: This may be a possible bug, but we can only guess or check with
developers since the documentation is not provided.

**Improvement 3:** **Consider Notification for Saved Changes**

**Current:** Basic information for example, including the candidate's
name and surname, requires input, but there is no "Confirm" or "Save"
button.

**Requested:** Introduce a "Confirm" or "Save" button for additional
data input.

**Reason:** Enhance user confidence by ensuring candidates that their
data is saved after input.

It is recommended to implement a notification indicating that changes
have been successfully saved. The absence of a confirmation message may
lead to uncertainty regarding the status of the submitted information. A
"Confirm" or "Save" button, coupled with a notification, will provide a
clearer and more reassuring user experience.

**Improvement 4: Adding Unlisted Technologies**

**Current:** Candidates can add technologies from a predefined list, but
there is no provision for adding a technology not on the list.

**Requested:** Include an "Other" field that allows candidates to
manually enter unlisted technologies. Submitted entries will be sent to
the administrator for approval before being added to the list.

**Reason:** Candidates may possess knowledge of technologies not
included in the provided list, and the "Other" field ensures
flexibility.

**Additional Details:** The "Other" field enables candidates to submit
unlisted technologies. Submitted entries will undergo administrator
approval before being added to the list, ensuring a thoughtful and
accurate expansion based on candidates' diverse skills. The text input
box allows candidates to freely specify additional technologies,
contributing to a more inclusive representation of their technological
expertise.

**Improvement 5: Inability to Add Unlisted Benefits**

**Current:** Candidates can add benefits from a list, but there is no
option to enter an additional benefit not on the list.

**Requested:** Integrate an "Other" field for candidates to input
benefits not listed.

**Reason:** Some candidates may desire benefits not covered in the
existing list.

Do the same as for the technologies.

**Improvement 6: Inability to Add Unlisted Skills and Badges**

**Current:** Candidates can choose skills and badges from a list, but
there is no option to add skills not on the list.  
**Requested:** Create an "Other" field for candidates to input skills
and badges not listed.  
**Reason:** Candidates may possess skills and badges not included in the
existing list.  
Do the same as for the technologies.
